{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling1\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\sl768\sb600\sa600\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 \nosupersub \ulnone Letter to Dean and President re: S.H\
\pard\sl288\sb240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Scott and Eric,\
I am writing on behalf of on my students, and friend, S.H. On Monday morning, S. appeared in a Zoom session with me and three other students, and I thought from her appearance that she looked ill. She was lying down with a blue blanket pulled up to her chin, her eyes barely open, and said very little during the time we were together. What I could see -- S. was using her mobile phone so the view was limited -- her room seemed bleak, more or less empty, with just a patch of what appeared to be cinderblock wall visible behind her. I was going to joke that she looked like she was in prison, but she didn't seem to be in the mood for jokes.\
I sent her a message later to see how she was doing, to which she replied that she had figured out things out, related to her online assignments. The next day I got a message from the Dean of Students office informing me that S. would be missing from class for a week, with no further information. I asked if she would still be able to work on her course work, but later in the day I received notification that S. would be back in classes. Again, no explanation. \
Not long after I received a message from S. saying that she had just been released from quarantine, where she had been held for three days, with inadequate food and water, and virtually no attention from her keepers. She told me she had been very depressed during this detention, and was ready to flee Beloit today had her results not finally come through. I asked S. if she would like me to communicate with you and she said yes. I will be asking her to read this letter before I send it to you. \
S. is concerned that other students not be subjected to the same inhumane treatment she received from the College. I don't know if the situation is similar for other students in quarantine, or if this carceral version of solitary is reserved for the Black students. A harsh way to put it, I realize, but I want you to feel what I am seeing, and what others will no doubt see -- are already seeing -- when they hear this story. My desire is to help make sure that you do right by S. and her family. And to anyone else stuck in quarantine. You are responsible to guarantee and deliver humane, respectful treatment to every student who might be subject to quarantine, and to their friends and parents. If I were S.'s parent, you would be talking right now to an expensive lawyer.\
I believe you have already heard from S. herself and her mother, and no doubt you will be hearing from others besides me soon enough. I hope you agree that this is a very serious transgression by the College, a violation of S.'s dignity, that is not mitigated in any way by the difficulties of managing student life during a pandemic, or by the fact that so many colleges and universities are guilty of the same violations. Any stone-walling, wagon-circling, or crouching behind the need for confidentiality will just exacerbate the problem. I hope we will see a public response -- as full-throated as one we got when someone stole the BLM banner off the bridge -- in short order, before someone else brings this matter into the full light of day.\
Thanks for your attention.\nosupersub \ulnone \
}